                                                                    Rules

                Blinq is a connection game that uses dual coloured square blocks composed of two rectangles and shared by both players,
                where they alternate turns placing those blocks according to some simple stacking rules, each trying to connect the 
                two sides of the board of her colour (white or black).

                Starting with White, players alternate turns placing one of their blocks on the board following these placement rules:
                    - The blocks must be placed with the sides parallel to the board lines.
                    - When placed on the board, the block must be placed inside a cell.
                    - When placed on top of other blocks it must rest atop an arrangement of 2x2 blocks, and centred on it.

                The game ends when one of the players resigns (losing the game) or, at the end of her turn, one of the players has 
                connected the two sides of her colour (winning the game). The path connecting the two sides of the board must be 
                continuous along the surfaces of the same colour when viewed from above.

                If the players run out of pieces and a connection has not been made, it is a draw.

                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                   KeyBinds

                w - moves up the selection block
                s - moves down the selection block
                a - moves left the selection block
                d - moves right the selection block
                q - rotates left the selection block
                e - rotates right the selection block
                c - confirms the selection block and finishes the turn
                p - forfeits the game

                When playing you can also indicate a specific position and its rotation (X-Y-R.) to move the selection block
                Note: Have in account that the position of the piece is the top-left square and that the rotation is between 1 and 4 

                                                            
                                                                   Have Fun!

                                                                    0. Back